README.md, before:

# 𝔹𝕃𝔸ℂ𝕂𝕊𝕂𝕐-𝕄𝔻
A highly advanced WhatsApp Multi-Device bot with AI capabilities and robust functionality.

## 🌟 Features
- 📱 Multi-Device Support
- 🤖 Advanced AI Integration with GPT and DALL-E
- 👥 Comprehensive Group Management
- 🎮 Interactive Games & Fun Commands
- 🔒 Enhanced Security Features
- 📊 User Statistics & Leveling
- 💬 Message Anti-Spam & Filtering
- 🎨 Media & Sticker Creation
- 🌐 Multi-Language Support
- 💰 Economy System with Shop
- 🎯 Quests and Achievements
- 🎁 Inventory Management

## 📋 Prerequisites
Before running the bot, ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js 16+ (Download from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org))
- A WhatsApp account
- FFmpeg ([FFmpeg Installation Guide](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html))
- Git (for cloning the repository)

## ⚡️ Quick Deploy
[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/madariss5/Blacksky-XMD)

## 🔐 Environment Configuration
Create a `.env` file with the following variables:
```env
# Required Configuration
OWNER_NUMBER=your_whatsapp_number  # e.g., 491234567890 for +49 123 456 7890
OWNER_NAME=your_name
PREFIX=.
BOT_NAME=BLACKSKY-MD
SESSION_ID=blacksky-md

# Optional AI Features
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key

# Optional Configuration
LOG_LEVEL=info
KEEP_ALIVE_INTERVAL=10000
QUERY_TIMEOUT=60000
CONNECT_TIMEOUT=60000
QR_TIMEOUT=40000
RETRY_DELAY=2000
```

## 🚀 Local Installation
```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/blacksky-algorithms/blacksky-md.git

# Enter the project directory
cd blacksky-md

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Create environment configuration
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your configuration

# Start the bot
npm start
```

## 📱 First Time Setup
1. Run the bot using `npm start`
2. Scan the QR code with WhatsApp (Link a device)
3. The bot will automatically:
   - Send the credentials file to your number
   - Send a deployment status message
   - Start accepting commands

## 🔄 Keeping the Bot Online
For 24/7 operation, you can use process managers like PM2:
```bash
# Install PM2
npm install -g pm2

# Start the bot with PM2
pm2 start index.js --name blacksky-bot

# Monitor the bot
pm2 monit

# View logs
pm2 logs blacksky-bot
```

## 🌐 Heroku Deployment
1. Click the Deploy to Heroku button above
2. Fill in the required environment variables:
   - `OWNER_NUMBER`: Your WhatsApp number (e.g., 491234567890)
   - `OWNER_NAME`: Your name
   - `SESSION_ID`: Keep as 'blacksky-md' or set your own
   - `BOT_NAME`: Your bot's name
   - Other optional variables as needed
3. Wait for the deployment to complete
4. The bot will automatically send credentials to your number

## 🔄 Updating the Bot
To update the bot to the latest version:

```bash
# Pull the latest changes
git pull origin main

# Install any new dependencies
npm install

# Restart the bot
npm start
```

Or use the built-in command:
```
.update
```

## 📚 Command Categories
- 🎯 Basic Commands - General bot interactions
- 👥 Group Management - Manage group settings and members
- 🎮 Games & Fun - Interactive commands and games
- 🔧 Utility Tools - Helpful utilities and tools
- 🤖 AI Features - AI-powered interactions
- 📥 Downloaders - Media download capabilities
- 🎵 Music & Media - Audio and media features
- 👑 Owner Commands - Bot administration
- 💰 Economy System - Virtual currency and shop
- 🎨 Media Creation - Stickers and media editing
- 🎯 Achievement System - Rewards and progression

## ⚠️ Important Notes
1. Keep your `.env` file private and never share it
2. Regularly backup your `auth_info` directory
3. Monitor your API usage if using AI features
4. Follow WhatsApp's terms of service
5. Update dependencies regularly for security

## 🆘 Troubleshooting
Common issues and solutions:

1. **Connection Issues**
   - Ensure stable internet connection
   - Check if WhatsApp Web is accessible
   - Clear the `auth_info` directory and rescan QR
   - Verify your session is valid

2. **Dependencies Issues**
   ```bash
   # Clear npm cache
   npm cache clean --force

   # Reinstall dependencies
   rm -rf node_modules
   npm install
   ```

3. **FFmpeg Issues**
   - Verify FFmpeg installation: `ffmpeg -version`
   - Add FFmpeg to system PATH
   - For Heroku, buildpacks are automatically configured

## 🤝 Contributing
1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch
3. Commit your changes
4. Push to the branch
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Credits
- [WhiskeySockets/Baileys](https://github.com/WhiskeySockets/Baileys)
- All contributors and users

Commit message:

refactor: Optimize Heroku deployment configuration

README.md, after:

# 𝔹𝕃𝔸ℂ𝕂𝕊𝕂𝕐-𝕄𝔻
A highly advanced WhatsApp Multi-Device bot with AI capabilities and robust functionality.

## ⚡️ Quick Deploy
[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/madariss5/Blacksky-XMD)

### Deployment Steps:
1. Click the "Deploy to Heroku" button above
2. Fill in the required environment variables:
   ```
   OWNER_NUMBER=your_whatsapp_number (e.g., 491234567890)
   OWNER_NAME=your_name
   BOT_NAME=BlackSky-MD
   SESSION_ID=your_session_id
   PREFIX=.
   ```
3. Click "Deploy" and wait for the build to complete
4. Once deployed, check the logs to ensure everything is running properly
5. The bot will automatically initialize and send credentials to your WhatsApp number

## 🌟 Features
- 📱 Multi-Device Support
- 🤖 Advanced AI Integration with GPT and DALL-E
- 👥 Comprehensive Group Management
- 🎮 Interactive Games & Fun Commands
- 🔒 Enhanced Security Features
- 📊 User Statistics & Leveling
- 💬 Message Anti-Spam & Filtering
- 🎨 Media & Sticker Creation
- 🌐 Multi-Language Support
- 💰 Economy System with Shop
- 🎯 Quests and Achievements
- 🎁 Inventory Management

## 📋 Prerequisites
Before running the bot, ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js 16+ (Download from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org))
- A WhatsApp account
- FFmpeg ([FFmpeg Installation Guide](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html))
- Git (for cloning the repository)

## 🔐 Environment Configuration
Create a `.env` file with the following variables:
```env
# Required Configuration
OWNER_NUMBER=your_whatsapp_number  # e.g., 491234567890 for +49 123 456 7890
OWNER_NAME=your_name
PREFIX=.
BOT_NAME=BLACKSKY-MD
SESSION_ID=blacksky-md

# Optional AI Features
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key

# Optional Configuration
LOG_LEVEL=info
KEEP_ALIVE_INTERVAL=10000
QUERY_TIMEOUT=60000
CONNECT_TIMEOUT=60000
QR_TIMEOUT=40000
RETRY_DELAY=2000
```

## 🚀 Local Installation
```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/blacksky-algorithms/blacksky-md.git

# Enter the project directory
cd blacksky-md

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Create environment configuration
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your configuration

# Start the bot
npm start
```

## 📱 First Time Setup
1. Run the bot using `npm start`
2. Scan the QR code with WhatsApp (Link a device)
3. The bot will automatically:
   - Send the credentials file to your number
   - Send a deployment status message
   - Start accepting commands

## 🔄 Keeping the Bot Online
For 24/7 operation, you can use process managers like PM2:
```bash
# Install PM2
npm install -g pm2

# Start the bot with PM2
pm2 start index.js --name blacksky-bot

# Monitor the bot
pm2 monit

# View logs
pm2 logs blacksky-bot
```

## 🌐 Heroku Deployment
1. Click the Deploy to Heroku button above
2. Fill in the required environment variables:
   - `OWNER_NUMBER`: Your WhatsApp number (e.g., 491234567890)
   - `OWNER_NAME`: Your name
   - `SESSION_ID`: Keep as 'blacksky-md' or set your own
   - `BOT_NAME`: Your bot's name
   - Other optional variables as needed
3. Wait for the deployment to complete
4. The bot will automatically send credentials to your number

## 🔄 Updating the Bot
To update the bot to the latest version:

```bash
# Pull the latest changes
git pull origin main

# Install any new dependencies
npm install

# Restart the bot
npm start
```

Or use the built-in command:
```
.update
```

## 📚 Command Categories
- 🎯 Basic Commands - General bot interactions
- 👥 Group Management - Manage group settings and members
- 🎮 Games & Fun - Interactive commands and games
- 🔧 Utility Tools - Helpful utilities and tools
- 🤖 AI Features - AI-powered interactions
- 📥 Downloaders - Media download capabilities
- 🎵 Music & Media - Audio and media features
- 👑 Owner Commands - Bot administration
- 💰 Economy System - Virtual currency and shop
- 🎨 Media Creation - Stickers and media editing
- 🎯 Achievement System - Rewards and progression

## ⚠️ Important Notes
1. Keep your `.env` file private and never share it
2. Regularly backup your `auth_info` directory
3. Monitor your API usage if using AI features
4. Follow WhatsApp's terms of service
5. Update dependencies regularly for security

## 🆘 Troubleshooting
Common issues and solutions:

1. **Connection Issues**
   - Ensure stable internet connection
   - Check if WhatsApp Web is accessible
   - Clear the `auth_info` directory and rescan QR
   - Verify your session is valid

2. **Dependencies Issues**
   ```bash
   # Clear npm cache
   npm cache clean --force

   # Reinstall dependencies
   rm -rf node_modules
   npm install
   ```

3. **FFmpeg Issues**
   - Verify FFmpeg installation: `ffmpeg -version`
   - Add FFmpeg to system PATH
   - For Heroku, buildpacks are automatically configured

## 🤝 Contributing
1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch
3. Commit your changes
4. Push to the branch
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Credits
- [WhiskeySockets/Baileys](https://github.com/WhiskeySockets/Baileys)
- All contributors and users
